## 221. Maximal Square
Given a 2D binary matrix filled with 0's and 1's, find the largest square containing only 1's and return its area.   
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : DP, time=O(mn), space=O(1). dp[i][j] = min(dp[i-1][j-1], dp[i][j-1], dp[i-1][j]) + 1
- sol2 : brute force can AC, but annoying. time=O((mn)^2), space=O(1)

## 222. Count Complete Tree Nodes
Given a complete binary tree, count the number of nodes.  
Note:  
Definition of a complete binary tree from Wikipedia:  
In a complete binary tree every level, except possibly the last, is completely filled, and all nodes in the last level are as far left as possible. It can have between 1 and 2h nodes inclusive at the last level h.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
sol1 : DFS, O(n)
sol2 : recursion, time=O(logn * logn). For each root, check the height of left subtree and right. If have the same height -> ends at right subtree.


## 223. Rectangle Area
Find the total area covered by two rectilinear rectangles in a 2D plane.  
Each rectangle is defined by its bottom left corner and top right corner as shown in the figure.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
sol : overlapped area = overlap_x * overlap_y. time=O(1), space=O(1)

## 225. Implement Stack using Queues
Implement the following operations of a stack using queues.  
push(x) -- Push element x onto stack.  
pop() -- Removes the element on top of the stack.  
top() -- Get the top element.  
empty() -- Return whether the stack is empty.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : Use two queues. When popping, pop all of the elements except the last to the other queue. push : O(1), pop: time=O(n) space=O(n)

## 226. Invert Binary Tree
Invert a binary tree.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : recursive, time=O(n), space=O(h)=O(n) due to recursion
- sol2 : iterative, time=O(n), space=O(n/2) = O(n) (last level worst case) 

## 227. Basic Calculator II
Implement a basic calculator to evaluate a simple expression string.  
The expression string contains only non-negative integers, +, -, *, / operators and empty spaces . The integer division should truncate toward zero.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use a stack to store the numbers, the operands will affect the stored number (ex. pushing -num for '-')
- be careful with division of negative number. 
- time=O(n), space=O(n)

# 229. Majority Element II
Given an integer array of size n, find all elements that appear more than ⌊ n/3 ⌋ times.  
Note: The algorithm should run in linear time and in O(1) space.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : [Boyer Moore Algorithm]: https://gregable.com/2013/10/majority-vote-algorithm-find-majority.html
- space=O(1), time=O(n). Idea : at most 2 candidates, first round find the candidates, second round validate their votes

# 230. Kth Smallest Element in a BST
Given a binary search tree, write a function kthSmallest to find the kth smallest element in it.  
Note:  
You may assume k is always valid, 1 ≤ k ≤ BST's total elements.  
Follow up:  
What if the BST is modified (insert/delete operations) often and you need to find the kth smallest frequently? How would you optimize the kthSmallest routine?  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : dfs - space=O(n), time=O(n). Return the sorted list.
- sol2 : bfs - space=O(h+k), time=O(h+k). While root, append to stack and go left. Pop last one as new root. Go to root's right for the next iteration.
