## 21. Merge 2 Sorted Lists:
Merge two sorted linked lists and return it as a new list. The new list should be made by splicing together the nodes of the first two lists.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- iteratively or recursively(not so good at this one, need practice)
- if l1.val < l2.val: … else:     (don’t need to consider l1.val==l2.val separately)

## 22. Generate Parenthesis:
Given n pairs of parentheses, write a function to generate all combinations of well-formed parentheses.

For example, given n = 3, a solution set is:

[
  "((()))",
  "(()())",
  "(())()",
  "()(())",
  "()()()"
]
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- DFS, easy

## 23. Merge k Sorted Lists:
Merge k sorted linked lists and return it as one sorted list. Analyze and describe its complexity.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- Use priority queue to save the first node of each list, get the node with lowest value and put the next node of it into the priority queue
from Queue import PriorityQueue
- pq = PriorityQueue()
- pq.put( (node.val, node) )      (there are 2 brackets, the inner one is for tuple(key, item))
- pq.get()[1] -> will delete the first item in priority queue and return the item
- while pq.qsize() > 0    (while pq is not valid, will loop infinitely)
- test case: [], [[]], empty head in lists

## 24. Swap nodes in Pairs:
Given a linked list, swap every two adjacent nodes and return its head.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- recursive(space = O(n)) or iterative(space = O(1))

## 25. Reverse Nodes in k-Group
Given a linked list, reverse the nodes of a linked list k at a time and return its modified list.
k is a positive integer and is less than or equal to the length of the linked list. If the number of nodes is not a multiple of k then left-out nodes in the end should remain as it is.

Example:
Given this linked list: 1->2->3->4->5
For k = 2, you should return: 2->1->4->3->5
For k = 3, you should return: 3->2->1->4->5

Note:
Only constant extra memory is allowed.
You may not alter the values in the list's nodes, only nodes itself may be changed.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : recursive(cheating, not O(1) space). move k afterwards, reverse the nodes between head and tail. Append the nodes from the tail one by one.
- sol2 : iterative instead. handle k nodes in a time. handle prev and nxt carefully.  

## 26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array:
Given a sorted array nums, remove the duplicates in-place such that each element appear only once and return the new length.
Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this by modifying the input array in-place with O(1) extra memory.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- Keep in mind that we have to change the array in place.
- nums = nums[:i] + nums[i+1:] will create a new nums instead of modifying the original one. nums[:] = nums[:i] + nums[i+1:] can do the trick, but each of this step takes O(n) so will cause TLE.
- del(nums[i]) can AC, it modifies the passed one
- The most common solution is to use two pointers, modify nums[j] when seeing a new number.

## 27. Remove element:
Given an array nums and a value val, remove all instances of that value in-place and return the new length.
Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this by modifying the input array in-place with O(1) extra memory.
The order of elements can be changed. It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the new length.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- basically same logic as 26. Use del or 2 pointers

## 28. Implement Strstr():
Implement strStr().
Return the index of the first occurrence of needle in haystack, or -1 if needle is not part of haystack.

Example 1:
Input: haystack = "hello", needle = "ll"
Output: 2

Example 2:
Input: haystack = "aaaaa", needle = "bba"
Output: -1
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- easy

## 29. Divide Two Integers:
Given two integers dividend and divisor, divide two integers without using multiplication, division and mod operator.
Return the quotient after dividing dividend by divisor.
The integer division should truncate toward zero.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  

- while dividend >= divisor : bit shift the divisor

