## 131. Palindrome Partitioning
Given a string s, partition s such that every substring of the partition is a palindrome.
Return all possible palindrome partitioning of s.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use dfs, split word from 1 to end, dfs further if first part is palindrome
- append result when word is None

## 133. Clone Graph
Given the head of a graph, return a deep copy (clone) of the graph. Each node in the graph contains a label (int) and a list (List[UndirectedGraphNode]) of its neighbors. There is an edge between the given node and each of the nodes in its neighbors.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use a global dictionary to store nodes
- case : node pointing to itself

## 134. Gas Station
There are N gas stations along a circular route, where the amount of gas at station i is gas[i].
You have a car with an unlimited gas tank and it costs cost[i] of gas to travel from station i to its next station (i+1). You begin the journey with an empty tank at one of the gas stations.
Return the starting gas station's index if you can travel around the circuit once in the clockwise direction, otherwise return -1.

Note:
If there exists a solution, it is guaranteed to be unique.
Both input arrays are non-empty and have the same length.
Each element in the input arrays is a non-negative integer.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : straight forward O(n^2) method will TLE (check if gas[i] >= cost[i])
- observation : if A cannot reach B, any station between A and B cannot reach B (proof by contradiction) -> set the next index as start and check the subsum from it

## 136. Single Number
Given a non-empty array of integers, every element appears twice except for one. Find that single one.

Note:
Your algorithm should have a linear runtime complexity. Could you implement it without using extra memory?
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : XOR

## 137. Single Number II
Given a non-empty array of integers, every element appears three times except for one, which appears exactly once. Find that single one.

Note:
Your algorithm should have a linear runtime complexity. Could you implement it without using extra memory?
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : somehow magically

## 138. Copy List with Random Pointer
A linked list is given such that each node contains an additional random pointer which could point to any node in the list or null.

Return a deep copy of the list.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : global dictionary, note the position assigning the value of dictionary
- sol2 : constant space solution. 3 steps : 1.append copy nodes right after each original nodes. 2. manipulate copy node’s random pointer 3. restore original pointers, build the new copied list

## 139. Word Break
Given a non-empty string s and a dictionary wordDict containing a list of non-empty words, determine if s can be segmented into a space-separated sequence of one or more dictionary words.

Note:
The same word in the dictionary may be reused multiple times in the segmentation.
You may assume the dictionary does not contain duplicate words.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : naive recursion will TLE
- sol2 : can do the recursion with memo, record each string after checking the first time
- sol3 : O(n^2) dp, substring can break(dp = True) and the rest in dict -> dp = true


