## 81. Search in Rotated Sorted Array II
Suppose an array sorted in ascending order is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand.
(i.e., [0,0,1,2,2,5,6] might become [2,5,6,0,0,1,2]).
You are given a target value to search. If found in the array return true, otherwise return false.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : binary search, but have to remove duplicates : while l < mid and nums[l] == nums[mid] : l += 1
- if nums[l] <= nums[mid] means the first half is ordered, check if nums[l] <= target <= nums[mid]

## 82. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II
Given a sorted linked list, delete all nodes that have duplicate numbers, leaving only distinct numbers from the original list.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use prev to store the previous value and a flag duplicated to check if we want to add this value
- sol2 : while head.next and head.next.val == head.val to check duplicate
- if prev.next == head to check if head has moved(duplicated)

## 83. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List
Given a sorted linked list, delete all duplicates such that each element appear only once.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : similar to 82, use while loop to skip the duplicates
- sol2 : recursive. really short
- there’s no ? for condition operator. Use : return a if ___ else b

## 86. Partition List
Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x.
You should preserve the original relative order of the nodes in each of the two partitions.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use two linked list less and greater to store the nodes, if head.val < x : less.next = smaller
- finally connect two lists

## 88. Merge Sorted Array
Given two sorted integer arrays nums1 and nums2, merge nums2 into nums1 as one sorted array.

Note:
The number of elements initialized in nums1 and nums2 are m and n respectively.
You may assume that nums1 has enough space (size that is greater or equal to m + n) to hold additional elements from nums2.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : compare the bottom, move the bigger to nums1[n+m-1]

## 89. Gray Code
The gray code is a binary numeral system where two successive values differ in only one bit.
Given a non-negative integer n representing the total number of bits in the code, print the sequence of gray code. A gray code sequence must begin with 0.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : iteratively solve the problem. res[i] = res[i-1] + reversed(res[i-1]) + 2 ** i
- 0, 1, 3, 2 for i = 2 -> 0, 1, 3, 2, 6, 7, 5, 4 for i = 3

## 90. Subset II
Given a collection of integers that might contain duplicates, nums, return all possible subsets (the power set).

Note: The solution set must not contain duplicate subsets.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 :sort first, and then straight forward backtracking. Check if in res when appending.
- sol2 : in for loop, continue if i > start and nums[i] == nums[i-1]
