## 211. Add and Search Word - Data structure design
Design a data structure that supports the following two operations:  
void addWord(word)  
bool search(word)  
search(word) can search a literal word or a regular expression string containing only letters a-z or '.'.  
A '.' means it can represent any one letter.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : trie + DFS, addWord time=O(n), where n=word's length. search time=O(m), where m is the number of trieNodes

## 213. House Robber II
You are a professional robber planning to rob houses along a street. Each house has a certain amount of money stashed. All houses at this place are arranged in a circle. That means the first house is the neighbor of the last one. Meanwhile, adjacent houses have security system connected and it will automatically contact the police if two adjacent houses were broken into on the same night.  
Given a list of non-negative integers representing the amount of money of each house, determine the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight without alerting the police.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : house robber- curMax and prevMax, don't use list!  
- two-pass house robber, for num[:-1] and num[1:], be careful with short nums

## 215.Kth Largest Element in an Array
Find the kth largest element in an unsorted array. Note that it is the kth largest element in the sorted order, not the kth distinct element.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : sort, time=O(nlogn) / heapq nlargest, time=O(nlogk), space=O(k)
- sol2 : similar to quicksort, use pivot, partition and select, average time=O(n), worst=O(n^2), space=O(1)

## 216. Combination Sum III
Find all possible combinations of k numbers that add up to a number n, given that only numbers from 1 to 9 can be used and each combination should be a unique set of numbers.  
Note:  
All numbers will be positive integers.  
The solution set must not contain duplicate combinations.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : backtracking, easy.

## 217. Contains Duplicate
Given an array of integers, find if the array contains any duplicates.  
Your function should return true if any value appears at least twice in the array, and it should return false if every element is distinct.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : set, space=O(n), time=O(n)
- sol2 : sort, space=O(1), time=O(nlogn)

## 219. Contains Duplicate II
Given an array of integers and an integer k, find out whether there are two distinct indices i and j in the array such that nums[i] = nums[j] and the absolute difference between i and j is at most k.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : naive, time=O(nk), TLE
- sol2 : sliding window with a set, time=O(n), space=O(k)
- PS: len in python is O(1) for most of the structure, remove in set is O(1) since it's implemented by hash table

## 220. Contains Duplicate III
Given an array of integers, find out whether there are two distinct indices i and j in the array such that the absolute difference between nums[i] and nums[j] is at most t and the absolute difference between i and j is at most k.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : binary search tree, too annoying to implement. Will also need to implement floor and ceiling to find the nearest.
- sol2 : buckets, each covers a range of (t+1). Use dictionaries to implement. For each num, check the bucket and its neighbor buckets.
