## 141. Linked List Cycle
Given a linked list, determine if it has a cycle in it.
To represent a cycle in the given linked list, we use an integer pos which represents the position (0-indexed) in the linked list where tail connects to. If pos is -1, then there is no cycle in the linked list.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : slow and fast, while slow != fast, return True if out of loop
- sol2 : (stupid) use list to store visited nodes

## 142. Linked List Cycle II
Given a linked list, return the node where the cycle begins. If there is no cycle, return null.
To represent a cycle in the given linked list, we use an integer pos which represents the position (0-indexed) in the linked list where tail connects to. If pos is -1, then there is no cycle in the linked list.

Note: Do not modify the linked list.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : record all visited nodes in set (dict, list will TLE)
- sol2 : fast and slow. the distance from head to entry == from meeting to entry

## 143. Reorder List
Given a singly linked list L: L0→L1→…→Ln-1→Ln,
reorder it to: L0→Ln→L1→Ln-1→L2→Ln-2→…
You may not modify the values in the list's nodes, only nodes itself may be changed.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : three steps - find middle, reverse second half, reorder
- case : not head or not head.next

## 144. Binary Tree Preorder Traversal
Given a binary tree, return the preorder traversal of its nodes' values.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : recursive easy
- sol2 : iterative : pop the last one, append right child first
- case : empty root

## 145. Binary Tree Postorder Traversal
Given a binary tree, return the postorder traversal of its nodes' values.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : recursive easy
- sol2 : pop the last, append left first, return reversed res

## 147. Insertion Sort List
Sort a linked list using insertion sort.
Algorithm of Insertion Sort:
Insertion sort iterates, consuming one input element each repetition, and growing a sorted output list.
At each iteration, insertion sort removes one element from the input data, finds the location it belongs within the sorted list, and inserts it there.
It repeats until no input elements remain.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : naive O(n^2) solution.
- sol2 : Don’t sort linked list during interview ??? maybe copy into list

## 148. Sort List
Sort a linked list in O(n log n) time using constant space complexity.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : merge sort. use slow and fast to find the middle, cut the list into half, recursively sort the sublist and finally merge them

## 150. Evaluate Reversed Polish Notation
Evaluate the value of an arithmetic expression in Reverse Polish Notation.
Valid operators are +, -, *, /. Each operand may be an integer or another expression.

Note:
Division between two integers should truncate toward zero.
The given RPN expression is always valid. That means the expression would always evaluate to a result and there won't be any divide by zero operation.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : stack popping the last two. 
- case : 6/(-132) should return 0. Use eval or simply dividing will return -1 in Python 2.

