## 231. Power of Two
Given an integer, write a function to determine if it is a power of two.   
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : naive iterative, time=O(logn)
- sol2 : if n is power of 2, n & (n-1) should be 0. time=O(1)

## 232. Implement Queue using Stacks
Implement the following operations of a queue using stacks.  
push(x) -- Push element x to the back of queue.  
pop() -- Removes the element from in front of queue.  
peek() -- Get the front element.  
empty() -- Return whether the queue is empty.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use 2 stacks. push elements into s1, pop from s2. when pop is called and s2 is empty, pop s1 into s2. push time=O(1), pop time=amortized O(1)

## 234. Palindrome Linked List
Given a singly linked list, determine if it is a palindrome.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : reverse the first half(fast&slow), and then compare. space=O(1), time=O(n)

## 235. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree
Given a binary search tree (BST), find the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two given nodes in the BST.  
According to the definition of LCA on Wikipedia: “The lowest common ancestor is defined between two nodes p and q as the lowest node in T that has both p and q as descendants (where we allow a node to be a descendant of itself).”  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : root should be between p and q, else recursively goto left or right. space=O(n), time=O(h)
- sol2 : similar to sol1, but iterative. time=O(h), space=O(1)

## 236. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree
Given a binary tree, find the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two given nodes in the tree.  
According to the definition of LCA on Wikipedia: “The lowest common ancestor is defined between two nodes p and q as the lowest node in T that has both p and q as descendants (where we allow a node to be a descendant of itself).”  
.  
.  
.  
. 
.  
.  
- sol1 : recursively check left+right+porq>1. Note: True+True=2. Time=O(n), space=O(n)
- sol2 : iteratively maintain the parent pointer dictionary. The parent of root is None. space=O(n), time=O(n)

## 237. Delete Node in a Linked List
Write a function to delete a node (except the tail) in a singly linked list, given only access to that node.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : PogChamp question, modify node's value and node.next directly.

## 238. Product of Array Except Self
Given an array nums of n integers where n > 1,  return an array output such that output[i] is equal to the product of all the elements of nums except nums[i].  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use res to save the left product. multiply it with the right product during the second pass. extra space=O(1), time=O(n)

## 240. Search a 2D Matrix II
Write an efficient algorithm that searches for a value in an m x n matrix. This matrix has the following properties:  
Integers in each row are sorted in ascending from left to right.  
Integers in each column are sorted in ascending from top to bottom.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : binary search in each row, time=O(mlogn), space=O(1)
- sol2 : start from top-right, compare the element with target, move to left or bottom. time=O(m+n), space=O(1)
