## 121. Best Time to Buy and Sell stock
Say you have an array for which the ith element is the price of a given stock on day i.
If you were only permitted to complete at most one transaction (i.e., buy one and sell one share of the stock), design an algorithm to find the maximum profit.

Note that you cannot sell a stock before you buy one.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : straightforward recording the cheapest.

## 122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II
Say you have an array for which the ith element is the price of a given stock on day i.
Design an algorithm to find the maximum profit. You may complete as many transactions as you like (i.e., buy one and sell one share of the stock multiple times).

Note: You may not engage in multiple transactions at the same time (i.e., you must sell the stock before you buy again).
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : find the consecutive peaks and valleys
- sol2 : add the adjacent difference if prices[i+1] > prices[i]

## 125. Valid Palindrome
Given a string, determine if it is a palindrome, considering only alphanumeric characters and ignoring cases.

Note: For the purpose of this problem, we define empty string as valid palindrome.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : use str.isalpha() to check is character, use str.isnumeric() to check is number
- use str.lower() to make the string lower case
- sol2 : use 2 pointers head and tail, skip the invalid characters

## 127. Word Ladder
Given two words (beginWord and endWord), and a dictionary's word list, find the length of shortest transformation sequence from beginWord to endWord, such that:
Only one letter can be changed at a time.
Each transformed word must exist in the word list. Note that beginWord is not a transformed word.
Note:
Return 0 if there is no such transformation sequence.
All words have the same length.
All words contain only lowercase alphabetic characters.
You may assume no duplicates in the word list.
You may assume beginWord and endWord are non-empty and are not the same.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : naive bfs TLE
- sol2 : preprocessing words : abc to ab_, a_c, _bc in a dict, make it easier to find neighbors

## 129. Sum Root to Leaf Numbers
Given a binary tree containing digits from 0-9 only, each root-to-leaf path could represent a number.
An example is the root-to-leaf path 1->2->3 which represents the number 123.
Find the total sum of all root-to-leaf numbers.

Note: A leaf is a node with no children.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : dfs recording sum, sum*10 when going to child

## 130. Surrounded Regions
Given a 2D board containing 'X' and 'O' (the letter O), capture all regions surrounded by 'X'.
A region is captured by flipping all 'O's into 'X's in that surrounded region.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : dfs from the edges, use visited and surrounded to check
- sol2 : directly modify good “O”s to “G”, check is G at the end 
