## 101. Symmetric Tree
Given a binary tree, check whether it is a mirror of itself (ie, symmetric around its center).
For example, this binary tree [1,2,2,3,4,4,3] is symmetric:
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : dfs left first/ right first, check if the sequence is the same
- sol2 : iteratively check child’s value sequence is symmetric
- sol3 : recursively check left.left = right.right.

## 102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal
Given a binary tree, return the level order traversal of its nodes' values. (ie, from left to right, level by level).
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : iterative append each level to res
- sol2 : dfs recording level   

## 103. Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal
Given a binary tree, return the zigzag level order traversal of its nodes' values. (ie, from left to right, then right to left for the next level and alternate between).
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : dfs recording level, reverse even levels at the end
- sol1.1 : append the node value / add the node value in the front according to its level

## 104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
Given a binary tree, find its maximum depth.
The maximum depth is the number of nodes along the longest path from the root node down to the farthest leaf node.

Note: A leaf is a node with no children.


.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : dfs with level
- sol2 : recursive one liner

## 105. Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Preorder Traversal
Given preorder and inorder traversal of a tree, construct the binary tree.

Note:
You may assume that duplicates do not exist in the tree.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use preorder to find current root, separate inorder by the root, solve the problem recursively 
- https://articles.leetcode.com/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-preorder-postorder-traversal/
- use list.index(element) to find the index

## 106. Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal
Given inorder and postorder traversal of a tree, construct the binary tree.

Note:
You may assume that duplicates do not exist in the tree.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : very very similar to 105

## 107. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II
Given a binary tree, return the bottom-up level order traversal of its nodes' values. (ie, from left to right, level by level from leaf to root).
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : nothing special
- case : empty root - return []

## 108. Convert Sorted Array To Binary Search Tree
Given an array where elements are sorted in ascending order, convert it to a height balanced BST.
For this problem, a height-balanced binary tree is defined as a binary tree in which the depth of the two subtrees of every node never differ by more than 1.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use recursion, pick the middle of nums as root

## 109. Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree
Given a singly linked list where elements are sorted in ascending order, convert it to a height balanced BST.
For this problem, a height-balanced binary tree is defined as a binary tree in which the depth of the two subtrees of every node never differ by more than 1.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : similar to 108, convert linked list to list first
- sol2 : solve recursively, use fast and slow to find the middle of linked list(should be slow)
- if slow == head (only one node in list) -> return root

## 110. Balanced Binary Tree
Given a binary tree, determine if it is height-balanced.
For this problem, a height-balanced binary tree is defined as:
a binary tree in which the depth of the two subtrees of every node never differ by more than 1.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use recursion to get depth of each node. return -1 if unbalance

