## 151. Reverse Words in a String
Given an input string, reverse the string word by word.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : split, reverse and join
- string object is immutable in Python. TypeError: 'str' object does not support item assignment

## 152. Maximum Product Subarray
Given an integer array nums, find the contiguous subarray within an array (containing at least one number) which has the largest product.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : brute force O(n^2) TLE
- sol2 : use maxi and mini to record the maximum and minimum products. swap when num<0

## 155. Min Stack
Design a stack that supports push, pop, top, and retrieving the minimum element in constant time.
push(x) -- Push element x onto stack.
pop() -- Removes the element on top of the stack.
top() -- Get the top element.
getMin() -- Retrieve the minimum element in the stack.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : cheating using min(), should reset the min value when stack is empty
- sol2 : push the old min value twice when pushing new smaller value. So when the min value is popped, the next popped one is old min value
- sol3 : when pushing, push the difference between current value and current min. So when we’re popping a negative value, we know we need to update the min value. Have to cast to int when returning.

## 156. Binary Tree Upside Down
Given a binary tree where all the right nodes are either leaf nodes with a sibling (a left node that shares the same parent node) or empty, flip it upside down and turn it into a tree where the original right nodes turned into left leaf nodes. Return the new root.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : recursively to get new root. Edit root.left.left and root.left.right
- sol2 : iteratively, need to record previous, the right node etc

## 157. Read N Characters Given Read4
Given a file and assume that you can only read the file using a given method read4, implement a method to read n characters.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : use read4 to load data into a current buffer

## 160. Intersection of Two Linked List
Write a program to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : O(n) space to use a set storing one of the list
- sol2 : count the length of both lists, in the second round, move forward for the longer list
- sol3 : when pA reaches end, direct it to headB, when pB is None point to headA. They’ll meet in the second round. (case : null head)
