## 251. Flatten 2D Vector
Design and implement an iterator to flatten a 2d vector. It should support the following operations: next and hasNext.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : check the total length when initializing. Use the generator(yield) to iterate. time=O(n), space=O(1)

## 252. Meeting Rooms
Given an array of meeting time intervals consisting of start and end times [[s1,e1],[s2,e2],...] (si < ei), determine if a person could attend all meetings.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : sort using start time. time=O(nlogn), space=O(1)

## 253. Meeting Rooms II
Given an array of meeting time intervals consisting of start and end times [[s1,e1],[s2,e2],...] (si < ei), find the minimum number of conference rooms required.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : use min heap to keep track of the min end time. If the start time >= min end time, then we can use that room. time=O(nlogn), space=O(n)
- sol2 : sort start time and end time individually, use 2 pointers and compare start[sptr] and end[eptr]. If start >= end, then we can use that room. time=O(nlogn), space=O(n)

## 254. Factor Combinations
Numbers can be regarded as product of its factors. For example,  
8 = 2 x 2 x 2; = 2 x 4.  
Write a function that takes an integer n and return all possible combinations of its factors.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : recursion with start. remember to add the number itself. 

## 255. Verify Preorder Sequence in Binary Search Tree
Given an array of numbers, verify whether it is the correct preorder traversal sequence of a binary search tree.  
You may assume each number in the sequence is unique.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : stack. for each element, pop all elements in stack which is smaller than the element. time=O(n), space=O(n)
- sol2 : similar to sol1, maintain the stack in the original array. time=O(n), space=O(1)

## 256. Paint House
There are a row of n houses, each house can be painted with one of the three colors: red, blue or green. The cost of painting each house with a certain color is different. You have to paint all the houses such that no two adjacent houses have the same color.  
The cost of painting each house with a certain color is represented by a n x 3 cost matrix. For example, costs[0][0] is the cost of painting house 0 with color red; costs[1][2] is the cost of painting house 1 with color green, and so on... Find the minimum cost to paint all houses.  
Note: All costs are positive integers.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : simple DP. pick the min between prev[(j+1)%3] and prev[(j+2)%3]. time=O(n), space=O(1)


## 257. Binary Tree Paths
Given a binary tree, return all root-to-leaf paths.  
Note: A leaf is a node with no children.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : recursive, time=O(n), space=O(n)
- sol2 : iterative, time=O(n), space=O(n)

## 258. Add Digits
Given a non-negative integer num, repeatedly add all its digits until the result has only one digit.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : mod 9. time=O(1), space=O(1)

## 258. 3Sum Smaller
Given an array of n integers nums and a target, find the number of index triplets i, j, k with 0 <= i < j < k < n that satisfy the condition nums[i] + nums[j] + nums[k] < target.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : two pointers. move the right pointer if sum>=target; else update the result and move the left. Remember to sort first!! time=O(n^2), space=O(1)

## 260. Single Number III
Given an array of numbers nums, in which exactly two elements appear only once and all the other elements appear exactly twice. Find the two elements that appear only once.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- 1. : XOR all the elements, will get axorb
- 2. : find a bit in axorb that is 1, which means a and b are different at that bit
- 3. : XOR the elements with 1/0 at that bit, a and b will be the final outcome
- time=O(n), space=O(1)
