## 61. Rotate List
Given a linked list, rotate the list to the right by k places, where k is non-negative.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- case : k > len(list)
- sol1 : naive: use dummy.next = head, first traverse find length, second traverse if k too big, third traverse for remaining elements in l
- sol2 : traverse for length and find the tail, and then tail.next=head, shift length - k%length times

## 62. Unique Paths
A robot is located at the top-left corner of a m x n grid (marked 'Start' in the diagram below).
The robot can only move either down or right at any point in time. The robot is trying to reach the bottom-right corner of the grid (marked 'Finish' in the diagram below).
How many possible unique paths are there?
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : easy DP
- sol2 : DP with O(n) space
- m: width, n : height

## 63. Unique Paths II
A robot is located at the top-left corner of a m x n grid (marked 'Start' in the diagram below).
The robot can only move either down or right at any point in time. The robot is trying to reach the bottom-right corner of the grid (marked 'Finish' in the diagram below).
Now consider if some obstacles are added to the grids. How many unique paths would there be?
An obstacle and empty space is marked as 1 and 0 respectively in the grid.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol: easy O(n) DP, DP[i] = 0 if there’s obstacle
- elif j > 0 : dp[j] += dp[j-1]

## 64. Minimum Path Sum
Given a m x n grid filled with non-negative numbers, find a path from top left to bottom right which minimizes the sum of all numbers along its path.

Note: You can only move either down or right at any point in time.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : easy DP, initialize to inf and dp[0] = 0

## 66. Plus One
Given a non-empty array of digits representing a non-negative integer, plus one to the integer.
The digits are stored such that the most significant digit is at the head of the list, and each element in the array contain a single digit.
You may assume the integer does not contain any leading zero, except the number 0 itself.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- trivial using carry, one line not easy

## 67. Add Binary
Given two binary strings, return their sum (also a binary string).
The input strings are both non-empty and contains only characters 1 or 0.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : add them from the tail using int
- sol2 : One liner using eval(built in function). eval(‘0b’ + a) returns a’s value. 
- bin(3) = ‘0b11’, we need to keep bin(s)[2:]

## 69. Sqrt(x)
Implement int sqrt(int x).
Compute and return the square root of x, where x is guaranteed to be a non-negative integer.
Since the return type is an integer, the decimal digits are truncated and only the integer part of the result is returned.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : while res * res <= x
- sol2 : binary search,  l = 0, r = x, while l <= r, l = mid +1, r = mid - 1
- sol3 : Newton’s method

## 70. Climbing Stairs
You are climbing a stair case. It takes n steps to reach to the top.
Each time you can either climb 1 or 2 steps. In how many distinct ways can you climb to the top?
Note: Given n will be a positive integer.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : simple dp, use 2 variables. while cur <= x
