## 191. Number of One Bits
Write a function that takes an unsigned integer and return the number of '1' bits it has (also known as the Hamming weight).  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- time = O(1) since at most 32 times, space = O(1)
- sol : checking the last bit(AND with 1), and then shift
- sol2 : n AND with n-1 can reduce the least-significant bit
- for example, 1010 AND 1001

## 198. House Robber
You are a professional robber planning to rob houses along a street. Each house has a certain amount of money stashed, the only constraint stopping you from robbing each of them is that adjacent houses have security system connected and it will automatically contact the police if two adjacent houses were broken into on the same night.  
Given a list of non-negative integers representing the amount of money of each house, determine the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight without alerting the police.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- time = O(n), space = O(1) for sol3
- sol1 : recursive TLE
- sol2 : use an dp array, dp[i] = max(dp[:i-1])+nums[i]
- sol3 : similar to sol2, use an integer prevmax to represent the available maximum 

## 199. Binary Tree Right Side View
Given a binary tree, imagine yourself standing on the right side of it, return the values of the nodes you can see ordered from top to bottom.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
time = O(n), space = O(n)
sol1 : BFS, append to queue with its level, right first.
sol2 : DFS with level, right first.

## 200. Number of Islands
Given a 2d grid map of '1's (land) and '0's (water), count the number of islands. An island is surrounded by water and is formed by connecting adjacent lands horizontally or vertically. You may assume all four edges of the grid are all surrounded by water.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.
time = O(m*n), space = O(m*n)
sol1 : dfs, modifying visited '1's to '0's
sol2 : bfs, similar to sol1
sol3 : union find, not implemented
