## 201. Bitwise AND of Numbers Range
Given a range [m, n] where 0 <= m <= n <= 2147483647, return the bitwise AND of all numbers in this range, inclusive.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- brute force time = O(n), good sol time = O(1)
- sol : while m > n, right shift one bit  
from xxx0.....  
to xxx1.....  
must include xxx011111 AND xxx100000, making the AND become 0

## 202. Happy Number
Write an algorithm to determine if a number is "happy".  
  
A happy number is a number defined by the following process: Starting with any positive integer, replace the number by the sum of the squares of its digits, and repeat the process until the number equals 1 (where it will stay), or it loops endlessly in a cycle which does not include 1. Those numbers for which this process ends in 1 are happy numbers.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : brute force using set, O(n) space
- sol2 : fast and slow, O(1) space

## 203. Remove Linked List Elements
Remove all elements from a linked list of integers that have value val.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : intuitive dummy head, O(1) space O(n) time, good enough
- sol2 : recursive, beautiful but more space

## 204. Count Primes
Count the number of prime numbers less than a non-negative number, n.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : O(1) space, brute force calling isPrime will TLE
- sol2 : record the visited primes, only check if divisible with primes p*p <= i
- sol3 : O(n) space, eliminating multiplies of primes, fastest

## 205. Isomorphic Strings
Given two strings s and t, determine if they are isomorphic.  
Two strings are isomorphic if the characters in s can be replaced to get t.  
All occurrences of a character must be replaced with another character while preserving the order of characters. No two characters may map to the same character but a character may map to itself.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : dictionary, note that two keys can't have same value
- sol2 : use zip to compress s and t, one line

## 206. Reverse Linked List
Reverse a singly linked list.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol1 : iteratively, easy
- sol2 : recursively, cool. the key is to point head.next.next = head. 1-2-3, point 3's next to 2. Then modify head.next to None.

## 207. Course Schedule
There are a total of n courses you have to take, labeled from 0 to n-1.

Some courses may have prerequisites, for example to take course 0 you have to first take course 1, which is expressed as a pair: [0,1]

Given the total number of courses and a list of prerequisite pairs, is it possible for you to finish all courses?  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : topological sort, use inDegree to find the new start(with inDegree == 0).
- if can't find : all courses have prerequisite, GG

## 208. Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
Implement a trie with insert, search, and startsWith methods.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- sol : a TrieNode instance should contain: children(a dictionary where key=letter, value=TrieNode), isEnd(bool)

## 209. Minimum Size Subarray Sum
Given an array of n positive integers and a positive integer s, find the minimal length of a contiguous subarray of which the sum ≥ s. If there isn't one, return 0 instead.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
sol1 : 2 pointers left and right, time=O(n), space=O(1)
sol2 : binary search, time=O(nlogn), space=O(n), use a list to record the accumulative sum, not implemented

## 210. Course Schedule II
There are a total of n courses you have to take, labeled from 0 to n-1.  
Some courses may have prerequisites, for example to take course 0 you have to first take course 1, which is expressed as a pair: [0,1]  
Given the total number of courses and a list of prerequisite pairs, return the ordering of courses you should take to finish all courses.  
There may be multiple correct orders, you just need to return one of them. If it is impossible to finish all courses, return an empty array.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
sol1 : topological sort, time=O(n), space=O(n), use a stack of inDegree == 0 to select next one.
sol2 : DFS, time=O(n), space=O(n), build the adjacency matrix, dfs the white nodes, meet grey nodes during DFS->cycle
