## 53. Maximum Subarray
Given an integer array nums, find the contiguous subarray (containing at least one number) which has the largest sum and return its sum.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- two variables or dp list
- return max(dp) if using dp instead of dp[-1]

## 54. Spiral Matrix
Given a matrix of m x n elements (m rows, n columns), return all elements of the matrix in spiral order.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- dx, dy = dy, -dx
- clear matrix[y][x] after appending to res, so we know it’s visited

## 55. Jump Game
Given an array of non-negative integers, you are initially positioned at the first index of the array.
Each element in the array represents your maximum jump length at that position.
Determine if you are able to reach the last index.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- cur = max(cur, i+nums[i])
- break condition : cur == i and nums[i] == 0

## 56. Merge Intervals
Given a collection of intervals, merge all overlapping intervals.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- be careful on the data type
- compare res[-1].end and interval.start

## 58. Length of Last word
Given a string s consists of upper/lower-case alphabets and empty space characters ' ', return the length of last word in the string.
If the last word does not exist, return 0.

Note: A word is defined as a character sequence consists of non-space characters only.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- one line using split()
- not cheating method : use tail and res
- len(‘’) = 0

## 59. Spiral Matrix II
Given a positive integer n, generate a square matrix filled with elements from 1 to n2 in spiral order.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- similar to 54.
- use res to determine if we have to turn

## 60. Permutation Sequence
The set [1,2,3,...,n] contains a total of n! unique permutations.
By listing and labeling all of the permutations in order, we get the following sequence for n = 3:
"123"
"132"
"213"
"231"
"312"
"321"
Given n and k, return the kth permutation sequence.

Note:
Given n will be between 1 and 9 inclusive.
Given k will be between 1 and n! inclusive.
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
- backtracking will somehow TLE
- so need to use iterative method, with the help of n! list
fact[0] = 1
